[C] Add JSON implementation to C Telemetry Samples (#55)
Azure-Samples/MqttApplicationSamples: mqttclients/c/README.md

- [Ninja build system](https://github.com/ninja-build/ninja/releases) Version 1.10 or higher
- GNU C++ compiler
- SSL

> - [JSON-C](https://github.com/json-c/json-c) if running a sample that uses JSON - currently this is the Telemetry Samples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [JSON-C](https://github.com/json-c/json-c) if running a sample that uses JSON - currently these are the Telemetry Samples
```
